The mission of Adaptive Sports New England is to increase participation in sports among New England youth and young adults who have visual or mobility impairments.
  Adaptive Sports New England is collaborating with many adaptive-specific and mainstream sports programs, adding value through our focus on raising awareness, increasing participation, and building capacity so that more youth and young adults with visual or mobility disabilities can access sports closer to home. Adaptive Sports New England is recognized as tax exempt under Section 501.c.3 of the Internal Revenue Code.

LEADERSHIP IN INCLUSIVE SPORTS EVENTS
Adaptive Sports New England collaborates with youth, high school and college leagues/conferences to include Para sport events in new and existing competitions. We design inclusive structures and formats, and support the leagues/conferences as they implement these procedures. Our past and current partners include South Shore YMCA, Boys & Girls Clubs of Boston, Massachusetts Interscholastic Athletic Association, Eastern College Athletic Conference, NCAA, and the U.S. Olympic & Paralympic Committee.

SPORT CONCIERGE AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE
Through our free Sport Concierge service, Adaptive Sports NE provides individualized consultation to youth and young adults who have visual or mobility impairments on how to get involved in local leagues, teams and programs. We respond to athletic directors, coaches, parents and athletes. We research the situation and resources available; we provide training to coaches and guides; and we offer ongoing technical assistance as needed. Whether an athlete is just getting started or already a seasoned competitor, Adaptive Sports NE will help identify the best inclusion solution available for each individual.

SPORT PROGRAMS AND PARTNER PROGRAMS
Adaptive Sports New England’s sport programs support those who have visual or mobility impairments by creating camaraderie amongst Para sport athletes and through specialized coaching that compliments/enhances their community, school or college sport experiences. Adaptive Sports NE conducts programs in swimming, track & field, beep baseball, wheelchair basketball, and many other sports. Programs ran by our partners Community Rowing, Inc. and Community Boating provide youth with rowing and sailing experiences, respectively. We serve athletes at all levels of skill and competitiveness from novices to Paralympians.