Local Volunteer Opportunities
Here at the Operation Center, or as we call it the ‘OC’ in Worcester, we have many different volunteer opportunities. Whether you’re looking for ways to volunteer as a family, work/ school group or individually we have many opportunities for people of all ages to help. The OC is home to all the donations we receive from our supporters, we store all the donations in a warehouse until they are ready to be packed into hockey bags for upcoming Britsionary trips. Volunteer opportunities include, but are not limited to, organizing in the warehouse, unpacking donations, packing for upcoming Britsionary trips, inventory of donations, inventory of merchandise, office mailings, event prep ect. To learn more about volunteering at the OC, or to schedule a volunteer time please contact Kate, at Kate@BeLikeBrit.org
Looking for a group volunteer opportunity? The OC is always looking for groups to help with big projects in the warehouse, event prep and large office mailings. If you are interested in group volunteer opportunities please complete the form below. (we ask that you please complete this form at least three weeks prior to the date you'd like to volunteer for scheduling purposes)

Child Sponsorship
For $33, $66 or $99 a month you can help support a child at Brit's Home om Hati. Donate now through PayPal.

Tribute Gifts
You can honor a special person or a special event with a gift to Be Like Brit. When you make a donation in honor of someone, an acknowledgment will be sent to that person listing your name and address as a tribute gift donor. It will not list the amount of your donation, unless you specify otherwise. If you are celebrating a special occasion, you can also list Be Like Brit as your charitable organization and ask that in lieu of gifts, donations made be made to BLB. This is a wonderful way to help support the efforts of Be Like Brit and at the same time spreading the word about the great work we are doing. 
Call or email Melissa at 508-886-4500 or Melissa@BeLikeBrit.org

Matching Gifts
Did you know that you can double your gift to BLB? Many companies have matching gift programs and will match your gift to charitable organizations. Some employers will even double or triple your gift! Speak to your Human Resources Department regarding their charitable contributions today!
Call or email Melissa at 508-886-4500 or Melissa@BeLikeBrit.org 


Wish List

Most needed.
 Children's Chewable Multivitamins with IRON (Flintstones complete or similar) No gummies please!!! 
 Mustard
 Blue Magic
 Aluminum foil 
 Mayonaise
 Steam irons
Most needed in foods.
 Ketchup 
 Canned Chicken
 Oatmeal
 Paper plates (cake size)
Food and Kitchen Items .
 Nutella 
 Cake frosting
 Olive Oil (in plastic containers only please)
 Onion powder, garlic powder
 Individual Snack Packets for School Lunches (Cookies, Crackers, etc.)
 Parmesan Cheese
Items for Children
 Underwear for Girls 
 Boys and girls underwear size 5 and up through teens
 Girls Underwear (med, lg and x lg)
 Boys Belts (Color: Black) Sm,med and lg.
Medical Items Needed update
 Children's cough and cold 
 Children's Tylenol (Chewable and Liquid) 
 Children's chewable anti-acid 
 Instant First-Aid Ice Packs 
Hygiene
 Feminine products
 Shampoo
 Mouthwash
 Body Spray (boys and girls)
Miscellaneous
 AA batteries 
 D batteries
 C Batteries
 Oscillating floor fans
 Paint Brushes 3''or 4''